Question 1
----------

    Describe a "test plan" for the various implementations of calc.  Given
    that a program cannot be tested on every possible input, what are three
    examples of tests that are implied by the spec but not checked by
    test_3_4.sh?


Answer 1
--------

   A proper test plan for calc must test more than simple valid addition.
Three examples of tests implied by the spec but not checked by test_3_4.sh are:

1. Testing invalid input such as alphabetic characters (e.g. ./calc xyz 4) to confirm it prints "BAD INPUT" and returns non-zero.
2. Testing integers outside the allowed tiny integer range (e.g. ./calc 600 1) to confirm it prints "TOO BIG".
3. Testing for leading zero errors (e.g. ./calc 03 4) since tiny integers may not start with 0 unless the value is exactly 0.

These tests ensure the program follows the full specification and not just correct addition behavior.


Question 2
----------

    You may have noticed that the spec says nothing about what to do if the
    user supplies too many arguments at the command line.  (Unfortunately,
    ambiguity in specifications is very common in practice and can be very
    confusing for programmers.)

    If you were asked to implement calc given this spec, you would be
    forced to choose from among at least three interpretations of what calc
    would do when called as, say, 

        ./calc 3 4 5

    1. Calc should sum all of the arguments (and print 12).

    2. Calc should ignore the third argument (and print 7).

    3. Calc should print an error message and return non-zero.

    Below, state whether your test scripts check what calc does when given
    more than two arguments.  Explain why you wrote your scripts that way.


Answer 2
--------

   My test scripts do not explicitly test behavior when more than two arguments are given.
The specification does not clearly define expected behavior in this case.
I focused my test scripts on requirements that were explicitly stated in the spec to avoid false positives.
If implementing calc myself, I would choose to print an error and return non-zero for too many arguments.


